This was a very difficult assignment for me. I struggle a lot with accepting facts without knowing the ~why~. Thus, I felt really lost and frustrated for most of the assignment. Additionally, I've really missed the addition of a checklist (as was used in data structures last semester). I felt like I wasn't really sure what the end goal was supposed to look like and it was much harder for me to keep track of my progress. 

Most of the time, I worked on this project with peers and also visited office hours quite a few times. I really struggled to do things on my own, and to be quite honest, I'm not sure I still understand everything that was happening with my code. I think I would have better understood the purpose of this assignment if we had spent more time going over it in class (though, they totally gave you the short end of the stick on this one. This is definitely a class that should meet three times a week!). 

That being said, I think that the supplemental readings and resources posted on slack were extremely helpful!  I think this type of assignment was just difficult in general beacause of the way office hours and TA hours are set up and because the concepts themselves are just very abstract and not super tangeible.  

I think in the future, I will try my best to reach out and find better resources and start the assignments earlier. I would also really appreciate more outside resources for the class/assignments as the proposed office hours occur during times in which I have class. 
